Senior Absence Management Partner
The Senior Absence Management Partner reports to Manager, Absence Management.

Senior Absence Management Partner Job Grade
The Senior Absence Management Partner is a grade 7.

Senior Absence Management Partner Responsibilities
Administers global absence management programs and drives policy and practice revisions as needed.
Ensures compliance with all leave of absence and employment laws across all countries in which we have entities.
Oversees the creation and/or modification of LOA policies and practices to ensure alignment with applicable requirements as well as GitLabs’ Values.
Ensures alignment with partners across the organization including Legal, Compliance, Sales Operations, Payroll, benefits/leave vendors, and Total Rewards.
Primary absence partner and subject matter expert for Global LOA inquiries, requests, designations and approvals.
Hands-on responsibility of day-to-day administration of all employee leave of absence programs.
Maintains communication with team members on leave to facilitate a smooth departure as well as a smooth transition back to work.
Partners with leaders and team members regarding workplace accommodations.
Optimizes the LOA processes to deliver exceptional Team member experiences before, during and after the leave of absence.
Optimizes the administrative processing of LOA’s to ensure accurate and timely completion of required steps. May be required to determine outsourcing options for administrative aspects of LOA’s.
Provides trend LOA data and status reports as needed.
Ensures the proper tracking of LOA’s and identifies the process dependencies and remediation of those dependencies.
Senior Absence Management Partner Requirements
5-7+ years of progressive Absence Management experience.
Expert level knowledge of leave requirements and regulations in multiple countries including US and Canada. Must have the willingness and desire to learn other countries’ requirements. Excellent written and verbal communication and interpersonal skills.
Strong problem-solving skills, critical thinking, and an intuitive sense of business acumen.
Ability to execute tasks with attention to detail, reliability, and a relatively quick pace.
Ability to interface and partner with stakeholders to achieve and influence results.